Mr. Gong, this is your new factory
Only the top families have spouses
Birds don't smell, okay?
Don't you think I'm old and confused?
This is what you drank in Genting Tiangong
That's a difference between clouds and mud
If you don't mind
Take it back as a tree to replenish water
You don't have to say anything.
I heard that the Dragon Army will sacrifice their lives at the Golden Dragon Drink Party
I don't know if it's true or not.
Trail of the Dragon
How can you and other commoners speculate?
There is no disrespect in the subordinates
Just our experts
Only keep Qingyun Longjun for decades
I hope Mr. will take it home and see you.
My family is willing to follow Qingyun Longjun with the Banshu Mountain family
Dad, are you getting old and confused? Shut up.
Let's see how you do.
Don't let the Dragon Army down
Congratulations to Mr. Gong
Hey, oops.
Dad, aren't we experts doing well?
Why use half of your wealth to follow Yunjun?
Broken corpse
Humph you ascension entertainment
It's just a few actors
We experts want to turn over
You still have to rely on the one above to enjoy the meal.
But the one up here has always been acting weird
Then why are we not idiots?
What did Mr. Gong say just now?
Hey, perform well at the golden dragon reception
If there is any errand
I can't spare
Don't worry, okay boss, it's awesome
OK boss is awesome